# Deprecation Warning
Chime is rebranding to Hypha and is getting an upgrade to NextJS. This repository is no longer maintained. Please see https://gitlab.com/hypha-link for the current version of Hypha.

# Chime

A Decentralized Peer-to-Peer Social Communications Network

Chime is a messaging application that allows you to directly send messages to your friends without ever touching a centralized server, and without relinquishing your control over your own data. It runs directly inside your web-browser, acting as both a Streamr and IPFS node. First the user needs to login with their Metamask wallet. The user can then create a new conversation after adding a friend's wallet address, and then clicking on their friend. This will load a new conversation and let the user send messages to their friends! (Make sure to turn on Streamr Node Storage for message history) Each message sent has a chance of rewarding the user with Chime tokens as a thanks for using the application (Message Guessing Participation must be toggled on). Users can seamlessly integrate with the in-built JS IPFS node and upload new files to show their friends (currently only images are supported). Users can also send price feed information directly from Chainlink to share the price of their favorite cryptocurrency with their friends. Once added to a message, a price feed has a toggle button in the top-left allowing the user to see the live price of their selected cryptocurrency. Chime also supports emojis with an entire menu of them to select from.